# KPMG-AU-virtual-Intern-

I completed the KPMG Data Analytics Virtual Consulting Internship recently. The first thing that surprised me and something that would be important to know by anyone who wants to do this internship in future is that it's not a normal course wherein one is provided with everything but it functions on a self-learning basis. There, you will be required to solve three tasks: Data Quality Assessment, Data Insights and Data Presentation. You will be free to choose any technology and platform to achieve the best results. Proper instructions will be there. Business data set consisting of customer demographics, customer address, transactions and new customer list will be provided, on which the analysis has to be done. After submitting your response, you will be able to access the ideal response submitted by a KPMG consultant so that you can compare both, identify the shortcomings and improve upon those. That is what I loved the most about this experience, the chance to learn on my own by research, making mistakes and correcting them.

Moreover, it felt like a small professional project wherein you have to take care of the communication part as well, that is essential in a corporate setup. 

To brief about the tasks in detail, it involved analyzing business data sets and improving their data quality. Then target specific customers through the analysis of customer behaviour trends and patterns. Then representing all of these insights by using a dashboard through Tableau, Power BI and Excel.
